Hw 5 passwords

ssh bandit7@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
Part 1: 
1:ZjLjTmM6FvvyRnrb2rfNWOZOTa6ip5If
2.263JGJPfgU6LtdEvgfWU1XP5yac29mFx
3.MNk8KNH3Usiio41PRUEoDFPqfxLPlSmx
4.2WmrDFRmJIq3IPxneAaMGhap0pFhF3NJ
5.4oQYVPkxZOOEOO5pTW81FB8j8lxXGUQw
6.HWasnPhtq9AVKe0dmk45nxy20cvUa6EG
7.morbNTDkSW6jIlUc0ymOdMaLnOlFVAaj
8.dfwvzFQi4mU0wfNbFOe9RoWskMLg7eEc

Part 2:
1. ls: By default, it shows the names of files and directories in the current directory. It can also display additional information when used with flags
2. cd:The cd command in Bash is used to change directories, allowing you to navigate through the file system.
cd : Moves you one directory level up.
cd /: Moves you to the root directory, the highest level in the file system hierarchy.


3. The pwd command in Bash stands for "print working directory". It displays the full path of the directory you are currently in.If you're navigating through directories and want to ensure you're in the right place, you can use pwd to check your current directory.

4. The mkdir command in Bash is used to create new directories in the file system.
mkdir -p [parent_directory/sub_directory]: Creates both a parent directory and a subdirectory in one command, if they don't already exist.

5. The touch command in Bash is primarily used to create empty files or to update the timestamp of an existing file.

touch file1.txt file2.txt file3.txt creates multiple files at once
6. The rm command in Bash is used to remove files or directories. The danger of rm is that once files or directories are deleted using rm -rf, they are gone permanently
7. The cp command is used to copy files or directories from one location to another, leaving the original file or directory intact 
The mv command is used to move files or directories from one location to another, or to rename files or directories.

8. The cat command is primarily used to display the entire content of a file directly to the terminal in one go. It reads the file and outputs it immediately.
The less command is used to view large files or streams of data in a paginated manner, allowing you to scroll through the contents page by page.cat is great for small files and quick viewing. less is ideal for large files and provides interactive viewing.
9.The grep command in Bash is used to search for specific patterns or words in text files. It looks through the contents of files and prints lines that match the search pattern.

grep "error" *.log
This command searches for the word "error" in all .log files in the current directory and prints any matching lines.

Task 3